A RESOLUTION
____

IN THE COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
____

To appoint the Chairperson Pro Tempore and chairpersons and members of each standing committee of the Council of the District of Columbia during Council Period 21.

	RESOLVED, BY THE COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, That this resolution may be cited as the “Council Period 21 Appointment of Chairperson Pro Tempore, Committee Chairpersons, and Committee Membership Resolution of 2015”.

	Sec. 2. Pursuant to section 212 of the Rules of Organization and Procedure for the Council of the District of Columbia, Council Period 21, effective January 2, 2015 (Res. 21-1; ___ DCR ___) ("Rules"), the Council appoints Kenyan McDuffie as Chairperson Pro Tempore.

	Sec. 3. Pursuant to section 221 of the Rules, the Council appoints the following committee chairpersons and members:
		(1) The chairperson of the Committee on Business, Consumer, and Regulatory Affairs, established by section 232 of the Rules, shall be Vincent Orange, and its members shall be Charles Allen, Brianne Nadeau, and Elissa Silverman.
		(2) The chairperson of the Committee on Education, established by section 233 of the Rules, shall be David Grosso, and its members shall be Yvette Alexander, Charles Allen, and Anita Bonds.
		(3) The chairperson of the Committee on Finance and Revenue, established by section 234 of the Rules, shall be Jack Evans, and its members shall be David Grosso, Kenyan McDuffie, Vincent Orange, and Elissa Silverman.
		(4) The chairperson of the Committee on Health and Human Services, established by section 235 of the Rules, shall be Yvette Alexander, and its members shall be Mary Cheh, David Grosso, and Brianne Nadeau.
		(5) The chairperson of the Committee on Housing and Community Development, established by section 236 of the Rules, shall be Anita Bonds, and its members shall be Brianne Nadeau, Vincent Orange, and Elissa Silverman.
		(6) The chairperson of the Committee on the Judiciary, established by section 237 of the Rules, shall be Kenyan McDuffie, and its members shall be Anita Bonds, Mary Cheh, and Jack Evans.
		(7) The chairperson of the Committee on Transportation and the Environment, established by section 238 of the Rules, shall be Mary Cheh, and its members shall be Charles Allen, Jack Evans, and Kenyan McDuffie.
	
	Sec. 4. This resolution shall take effect immediately.